I was just mentioning Marvin, and he said he tried to retire a couple of years ago.
I convinced him he had the best job in the store.
He goes out and buys the private collections.
He decides when and where he goes, what libraries he'll look at, decides which ones he'll buy, does it at his own pace, and doesn't have to worry too much about it.
Tell me a little bit about his background.
Was he part of the Fourth Avenue culture?
Well, he actually started working for my dad when I went into the Army.
And when I came back, I think he went into the Merchant Marine.
So there was a gap, and then he worked for us for a while, started his own business, and worked again, I think, for us, and then went to Belgium for a couple of years, then came back, and he's been with us ever since.
And he is a resource for us, isn't he?
Oh, yeah.
extremely knowledgeable, probably knows more about rare books than anybody else.
I doubt, really, that you'd have that operation without Marvin.
You might have less sense.
Well, I've got Craig, Vassell, Scott in there, and I've got three guys who have really picked up on them.
Craig is excellent.
Craig's terrific.
Yeah.
I mean, but they each cover slightly different fields of that overlap, and they're good.
Craig is top-notch on them, too.
Craig Anderson.
No, I know Craig.
C-R-A-I-G and A-N-D-E-R-S-O-N.
But we have about two and a half million books in here.
I think that was the number.
How many books do you think you moved through the store?
You know, I don't know.
One thing, I'm sort of superstitious.
I'm counting numbers and customers or what we're selling.
I just, you know, I don't know, and I really don't want to know.
Sometimes I estimate how many boxes of books have gone out.
But then I get a little bit further because I find out, I thought we sold about 50 boxes of books.
But we're going to 65, so... You know, I've got a 130.
I've got a...